README.md, before:

# Project1  
Recipe Master: find recipes and nutrition information for ingredients you have at home

User Story  
As a user, I want to make meals with the food I have at home, so that I can save money, reduce waste, and eat healthy.   


## Latest Commit  

## Previous commits  
-Modified front end for recipe card and ingredient sections  
-Additional pantry search error handling  
-Added recipe card functionality  
-Added recipe ingredients functionality  
-Changed on click handler for ingredients to new class  
-Added media queries to change margins based on screen width  
-Moved all script into document ready for jQuery  
-Added on click handler for recipe cards to display ingredients   
-Modified div classes for responsiveness  
-Added lower banner  
-Modified Pantry Search, Pantry List, and background  
-Modify HTML/CSS for UI  
-Error handling to display "N/A" if nutrient is not found  
-Added kcal units to Calories  
-Added Fiber and Cholesterol  
-Created temporary html tags that will display nutrient info  
-Created temporary html buttons that hold recipe ingredients  
-Created event handler on recipe buttons  
-Created AJAX call to search food title of recipe button  
-Created functions to handle AJAX response and update html tags with nutrient info

## Daniel's latest commits

-Modified shape and color of buttons created into pantry list
-Added logic to prevent from submiting an empty string into pantry search

Commit message:

updating README.md to give a better description of the project

README.md, after:

# Recipe Master

Deployed URL: https://davpcoded.github.io/Recipe-Master/

# User Story

As a user, I want to make meals with the food I have at home, so that I can save money, reduce waste, and eat healthy.

# Project Description

Recipe Master allows a user to enter ingredients they have at home into a "Pantry List".
Using these ingredients, the user will search for 4 recipe's at a time from Recipe Puppy API that
will be displayed in Bulma cards. Clicking on a recipe will both take you to the recipe URL and display
the ingredients of the recipe. Ingredients that the user has on the pantry list will be highlighted
green, while ingredients the user doesn't have will be highlighted red. Clicking on any ingredient will
bring up the nutrition info provided by the USDA Food Data API.

Created by: Chris Bragg, Sveta Demkovich, Daniel Villarroel

https://camo.githubusercontent.com/7119597663fccd27a0242b485922b8fdb9b47458/68747470733a2f2f6d656469612e67697068792e636f6d2f6d656469612f6a546b6852596c45344e75586d6b416567672f67697068792e676966
